Qwrap, an open source(BSD) javascript framework, which is created by Baidu Youa front-end team "WED".

Where the name comes from? Query and Wrap、Quick Wrap、 Cute Wrap？Well, anything as you choose ^_^.

The basics of using Qwrap (some live examples in Youa project):
To start, just simply get a copy of the Qwrap library and include /core_dom_youa.js.
Using it just like using jQuery (W is the same as $ in Qwrap):

    W('textarea').css('color','red').css('width','600px');

Using it just like using prototype (the prototype style):

    alert('Time: '+new Date().format('yyyy-MM-dd hh:mm:ss'));

Loading on demand as YUI3 (in this example, jQuery library is loaded on demand as a module. See also: seed app):
    use('jQuery',function(){$('textarea').css('color','black');});

Static call as YUI2 (static call is for components developers. See also: pure app):
    Dom.setStyle(document.body,'color','red');

Further, it is not in conflict with other frameworks such as jquey, yui, and etc.

Why QWrap?
There are numerous frameworks or frame fetters:p. Prototype、YUI、JQuery、Dojo…… they all have their own  disadvantages as well as advantages. The unique design and implementation of Qwrap, enables:
    The DOM functions provided by Qwrap is convenient as JQuery is, but not limited by jQuery's "just focus on DOM", it also provides lots of functions outsides DOM.
    Both the prototype methods and generic functions as javascript1.6 are provided. Users can choose what they need.
    The static method library as YUI2, and the so called Helper standard (which enables the real static), enable components developers to build solo components
    The use method learned from YUI3, is modified to be more adaptable by discarding the over-cleanliness of YUI3.
    This unique design of QWrap: Helper + Wrap + Retouch + Apps, brings spirit that waiting to be discovered by you (See also: the introduction of design in QWrap blog).

Getting involved:
QWrap is a cooperation effort of WED, what we can contribute is limited, so we need your help!
You can make a difference by your attention, contribution, promotion, and application.

Translated by Teng (2011-07-31)